# CIDR_SEQ_CAPTURE_JOINT_CALL
- shell script wrappers to submit joint calling for various CIDR projects
  - CMG_VQSR_SUBMITTER.sh: for submitting the CMG grant for JHU.
    - VQSR tranche cut-offs are 99.9%
    - annotates loci with less than 10 variant chromosomes with the Samples tag in INFO with the SM TAG.
    - adds samples in sample sheet to pre-existing list of gvcf files to call new plus old samples together.
    - only extracts the new samples in the sample sheet from the MS VCF file
      -runs annovar for each sample in sample sheet
  - STD_VQSR_SUBMITTER.sh: for standard sized targeted resequencing projects.
    - examples are exome projects that have more than 20 samples.
    - generates MS vcf for after VQSR and after genotype refinement
    - runs annovar on the MS vcf
    - VQSR tranche cut-offs are 99.0% for indels and 99.5 for SNPs
    - Performs GATK's CalculateGenotypePosteriors on the post VQSR file
  - HOLLAND_VQSR_SUBMITTER.sh: for submitting the Holland NIAID grant
    - VQSR tranche cut-offs are 99.9%
    - adds samples in sample sheet to pre-existing list of gvcf files to call new plus old samples together.
    - only extracts the new samples in the sample sheet from the MS VCF file
    - Performs GATK's CalculateGenotypePosteriors on the post VQSR file
  - HARD_FILTER_ALL_SUBMITTER.sh
    - Performs GATK best practices hard filters (when data size is too small for VQSR)
    - Performs GATK's CalculateGenotypePosteriors on the post VQSR file
  - CMG_VQSR_SUBMITTER_GRCH38.sh: for submitting CMG grant for JHU on GRCh38
    - same details as CMG_VQSR_SUBMITTER.sh
  - HARD_FILTER_ALL_SUBMITTER_GRCH38.sh
    - same details as HARD_FILTER_ALL_SUBMITTER.sh

# Example Execution Commands
- you provide 3 arguments after calling the script
  1. The project folder name where you want the multi-sample vcf written to. Just the project name not the full path.
  2. The full path to the sample sheet
  3. The multi-sample file name prefix that you want.

`/mnt/research/tools/LINUX/00_GIT_REPO_KURT/CIDR_SEQ_CAPTURE_JOINT_CALL/CMG_VQSR_SUBMITTER.sh PROJECT_FOLDER_NAME_WHERE_MS_VCF_IS_WRITTEN_TO /PATH/TO/SAMPLESHEET.csv MS_VCF_FILE_NAME_PREFIX | bash`

- Note the pipe to bash at the end of the command for execute the qsub command generated by the submitter script
- Chose the appropriate script for whatever project you are calling (example above is using the one specific for the CMG grant)

# References

1. 
